What? You're married?
Yeah, I am.
I just got my certificate today.
Who is he? What's his name?
Mom, don't worry about this.
Anyway, it's one you didn't expect
Fu Yanli, don't go too far
I found such a good match for you
As a result, you don't care at all
Turn around and you find an unknown woman
Fu Yanli, you still have my mother in your eyes
I'm married now.
So you don't have to
Introduce me to some other messy girl
Hang up you
As long as I'm alive
That woman will never set foot in our Su family
This is an upscale community
It's definitely not cheap recently.
I don't know if Mr. Pay's salary is enough.
Isn't this cousin?
Cousin, what are you doing at my house?
I remember now.
Xia Qin also lives in this community
And it's right opposite the house Mr. Fu rented
Well, I just moved here.
The house opposite has been rented out.
And it looks like a man rented it
Cousin, won't you just get divorced for a month?
Just live with another man